# CS-255

The client for the project was DriverPass, a business that provides driving practice exams and in-person driving lessons. They wanted me to design a system which allows students to create a profile, track their practice exam progress, make reservations for lessons with a driving instructor, and submit payments. The system also allows for internal users to perform tasks based on their role which included making or modifying reservations, printing activity reports, and resetting passwords. What I did particularly well on this project is extract information from the interview transcript and use it to create UML diagrams and a gantt chart, identify the functional and nonfunctional requirements.

If I could choose one part of my work on these documents to revise, I would add a few more details to the activity diagram. At the "Login Correct" and "Process Signup" decision nodes, if there is a "No" decision, it may appear to some viewers that the flow goes into a never-ending loop until a "Yes" decision is reached. I have a "Display Error Message" action in place for those nodes, but I also think there should be decision node for continuing or exiting the system before repeating the process. 

I used the business requirements document and diagrams to help me interpret the user's needs. The diagrams hold information about the requirements that were found in the interview transcription. It is especially important to consider the user's needs when designing ultimately to ensure a successful development process. If the user's needs are not being considered, then we will end up with weak requirements which can lead to large issues down the line. For designing software, I prefer the object-oriented approach. In short, I would analyze what's needed by collecting and interpreting information, identify any potential problems, then use a diagram to break down the components of the system into classes and objects.
